this video from CES 2018 is brought to
you by Dollar Shave Club get a great
shave for just a few dollars a month
that dollarshaveclub.com slash line is
linked below so we're here in the
Corsair suite where they are going more
tempered glass and more RGB than ever
before what a freaking surprise so
behind me I've actually got a case that
includes no RGB lighting whatsoever
this is the Obsidian 500 d and i'm just
gonna put it in front of that one for
reasons that I will reveal quite shortly
this is Corsairs first case with
integrated native USB type-c in the
front including that 20 pin connector on
the inside that is supported on newer
motherboards it's got a tempered glass
side panel it's got support for two hard
drives and three SSDs on the back of the
motherboard tray and water cooling
support is actually pretty wide open as
well it can take up to a triple 120
millimeter in the front and a dual 140
millimeter in the top and part of that
is thanks to its extremely efficient
that's fine
extremely efficient use of its internal
space so it's got a lot of room up here
for a big radiator and fins and then
it's almost no clearance between the
motherboard and the power supply
basement down here now this guy's going
to be 149 or something along those lines
and should be available pretty soon but
honestly this isn't the one that I'm not
excited about oh yeah there's a
removable fan filter I'm not sure how it
comes out but no removable fan filter so
I'm just gonna put that aside be right
back this is the sexy one so this would
cost quite a bit more if it were to make
it to market
it's got curved tempered glass on the
front just like the concept slate that
we showed off last year slash did a
video of quite recently it's showing off
the vertical GPU mounting that is also
available in its little brother and it
is also planned to include Corsairs
light loop RGB fans so the plan if it
were to become a real product would also
be to
include a Corsair commander Pro so you
can RG be affected up and estimated may
be hypothetical pricing somewhere in the
250 dollar range and for how good this
thing looks it could be the case to beat
if you're into mid towers with tempered
glass an RGB but let's say you're not
into RGB and you want to spend a lot of
money course there has a new power
supply for you it has been four years
since the ax 1500 I and it finally has a
big brother although it should be noted
it's actually two centimeters shorter
this is the ax 1600 I uses gallium
nitride MOSFETs in order to achieve its
astonishing 94% efficiency at 100% load
that is four percent higher than the 80
plus titanium spec so the reason Corsair
hasn't done a successor to the 1500 I is
that anything higher than that would
trip a 120 volt North American breaker
anyway well they got this thing so
efficient that is only pulling seventeen
hundred and thirty watts from the wall
at a hundred percent load meaning that
it won't trip your breaker whew
it also comes with coursera link support
and my favorite this was actually
something that I suggested to course at
one point why do you guys just have
these stickers that you can't remove I
was like can I get a new sticker waiting
you why don't you just do magnet oh oh
it's got magnetic magnetic logos you can
put it on whatever way you want it comes
with blue and red and white and then the
stock is just the the traditional
corsair matches everything gray this
guy's going to be priced at for $99.99
holy okay well uh thanks to Dollar Shave
Club for sponsoring this video here at
CES 2018 if you haven't tried Dollar
Shave Club it is about more than just
razors they've got razors they've got
other shaving supplies they've got
you're a peppermint scented bot wipes
for men they've got all kinds of great
stuff and instead of going to the store
and remembering to buy that stuff
fighting with the key and the lock to
get the cartridges out of the thing they
just deliver it to you once a month for
just off
you box so go check them out at the link
below that's dollarshaveclub.com slash
Linus where you can get their shower
shave starter set for just five bucks so
thanks for watching guys if you dislike
you can hit that button if you liked hit
like get subscribed so you don't miss
any of our great CES 2018 content we'll
see you at the next suite by the way